Pages/direct uploads doc (#1)
Ekwuno/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/direct-upload.md

---
pcx-content-type: concept

> title: Direct Upload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Direct Uploads
```

---

> # Direct Upload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Direct Uploads
```

> With Direct Uploads, you can bring your pre-built assets right to Pages. By using your own CI tooling to handle the build, deploy your website's assets right to the Cloudflare edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Direct Uploads, you can bring your pre-built assets right to Pages. By using your own continuous integration (CI) tooling to handle the build, deploy your website's assets right to the Cloudflare edge network.
```

## Methods to uploading

Once you have your pre-built assets ready, there are two ways to begin uploading: 

1. Using Wrangler CLI 

> 2. Dragging and dropping 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using [Wrangler CLI](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/).
2. Dragging and dropping.
```

{{<Aside type= "note">}}
  

> Within a project, you can switch between creating deployments with either method. However, at this time, you cannot additionally push changes through your standard git-integration within the same project._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within a project, you can switch between creating deployments with either method. However, you cannot push additional changes through your standard git integration within the same project if that repository is already using Direct Uploads.
```

Author: At this time you can't push subsequent changes to the same repo with git. If the repo is already using Direct uploads.

Reviewer: Updated.

{{</Aside>}}

## Supported file types:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Below is _____:
```
Explain what we are listing out.

> * Wrangler: a single folder of assets(e.g. HTML, CSS, JS, PNG, SVG)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Wrangler: A single folder of assets(for example, HTML, CSS, JS, PNG, SVG).
```

> * Drag and drop: zip or folder of assets(e.g. HTML, CSS, JS, PNG, SVG) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Drag and drop: Zip or folder of assets(for example, HTML, CSS, JS, PNG, SVG).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Wrangler CLI 

> ### Setting up Wrangler: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up Wrangler: 
```

> To begin, be sure to [install the latest version](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler/install-update/) of Wrangler and [set up Wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler/authentication/) to work with your Cloudflare user. Please note that Pages integration with Wrangler relies on Wrangler 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin, [install the latest version](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler/install-update/) of Wrangler and [set up Wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler/authentication/). Note that Pages integration with Wrangler relies on Wrangler 2.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> #### Deploying your first project: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Deploy your project with Wrangler
```

> Execute the following Wrangler command to begin project creation: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following Wrangler command to create a project: 
```

```sh
wrangler pages publish <project directory>
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Once executed, you will be prompted to choose whether you’d like to publish assets for an existing project or if you’d like to create a new one. To begin a new project, indicate so with the options provided, continue to name your project, and deploy. Subsequent deployments will re-use these values (saved in your `node_modules/.cache/wrangler` folder).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running `wrangler pages publish`, you will be prompted to choose whether you would like to publish assets for an existing project or if you would like to create a new one. To begin a new project, indicate so with the options provided, continue to name your project, and deploy. Subsequent deployments will re-use these values (saved in your `node_modules/.cache/wrangler` folder).
```

Reviewer: What are the options provided in "indicate so with the options provided"?

> After your first deployment, in the Pages dashboard, you can navigate to your newly created project to access deployment details, including its shareable / unique preview URL. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you deploy your Project, go to your newly created Pages project in the Cloudflare dashboard to access deployment details, including its shareable and unique preview URL. 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> #### Creating a new deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create a new deployment
```

> Once you’ve deployed your project, you can continue to add new deployments to that project. Deployments will be available at the following convention `<deployment>.<project name>.pages.dev`. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have deployed your project, you can continue to add new deployments to that project. Deployments will be available at the following convention: `<DEPLOYMENT>.<PROJECT_NAME>.pages.dev`. 

```

```sh
wrangler pages publish <directory> --branch=[branch]
```

{{<Aside type= "note">}}

If you are in a git workspace, Wrangler will automatically pull the branch information for you. Otherwise, you will be prompted to choose your branch (which will then determine if the deployment is production or preview).

{{</Aside>}}

#### Other useful commands

> If you’d like to use Wrangler to obtain a list of all available projects for direct upload, you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to use Wrangler to obtain a list of all available projects for direct upload, use:
```

```sh
wrangler pages project list
```

> Additionally, if you would like to use Wrangler to obtain a list of all unique preview URLs for a particular project, you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if you would like to use Wrangler to obtain a list of all unique preview URLs for a particular project, use:
```

```sh
wrangler pages deployment list
```

> For step by step directions on how to use Wrangler and continuous integration tools like GitHub Actions, Circle CI and Travis CI together for continuous deployment, check out our [tutorial](/pages/how-to/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For step-by-step directions on how to use Wrangler and continuous integration tools like GitHub Actions, Circle CI and Travis CI together for continuous deployment, refer to [Pages How to](/pages/how-to/)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Drag and drop

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> #### Deploying your first project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Deploy your project with drag and drop
```

> To begin, on the **Create a Project** page, select **Upload Assets** and enter your project name in the provided field. Your project will be served from `<project name>.pages.dev`. Next drag and drop your build output directory into the uploading frame. Once your files have been successfully uploaded, click **Save and Deploy** and continue to your newly deployed project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin ________, go to **Pages** in the Cloudflare dashboard > **Create a Project** > select **Upload Assets** and enter your project name in the provided field. Your project will be served from `<PROJECT_NAME>.pages.dev`. Next drag and drop your build output directory into the uploading frame. After your files have been successfully uploaded, select **Save and Deploy** and continue to your newly deployed project. 
```

Reviewer: To begin doing what?

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> #### Creating a new deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create a new deployment
```

> Once you have your project created, select **Create a new deployment** to begin a new version of your site. Next, choose whether your new deployment will be made to your production or preview environment. If choosing preview, you can create a new deployment target or enter an existing one. Deployment targets allow you to access all changes at one preview subdomain with the following convention `<deployment target>.<project name>.pages.dev`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have your project created, select **Create a new deployment** to begin a new version of your site. Next, choose whether your new deployment will be made to your production or preview environment. If choosing preview, you can create a new deployment target or enter an existing one. Deployment targets allow you to access all changes at one preview subdomain with the following convention `<DEPLOYMENT_TARGET>.<PROJECT_NAME>.pages.dev`. 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshoot
```

> When uploading your assets, if an asset exceeds the standard Pages limits of 25 MiB or if the total number of assets exceeds 20k files, you will not be able to deploy your project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When uploading your assets, if an asset exceeds the standard Pages [limits](/pages/platform/limits/#files) of 25 MiB or if the total number of assets exceeds 20,000 files, you will not be able to deploy your project. 
```

> If using Wrangler, you will see a `Error: Pages only supports files up to 25 MiB in size. <file> is <size> in size` error for asset size exceedance and **"Error: Pages only supports up to 20,000 files in a deployment at the moment. Try a smaller project”** for asset number exceedance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using Wrangler, you will see a `Error: Pages only supports files up to 25 MiB in size. <FILE> is <SIZE> in size` error for asset size exceedance and **"Error: Pages only supports up to 20,000 files in a deployment at the moment. Try a smaller project”** for asset number exceedance. 
```

> If using the drag and drop method, a red warning symbol will appear next to an asset if too large and thus unsuccessfully uploaded. In this case, you may choose to delete that asset but you cannot replace it. To do so, you must reupload the entire project. If you exceed the file number limit, you will receive a {write error message here} error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using the drag and drop method, a red warning symbol will appear next to an asset if the asset is too large and thus unsuccessfully uploaded. In this case, you may choose to delete that asset but you cannot replace it. To do so, you must reupload the entire project. If you exceed the file number limit, you will receive a `{write error message here}` error. 
```
This needs to updated with error message.

---
pcx-content-type: concept
title: Direct Uploads
---

# Direct Uploads

With Direct Uploads, you can bring your pre-built assets right to Pages. By using your own continuous integration (CI) tooling to handle the build, deploy your website's assets right to the Cloudflare edge network.

## Methods to uploading

Once you have your pre-built assets ready, there are two ways to begin uploading: 

> 1. Using [Wrangler CLI](/workers/wrangler/get-started/).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Using [Wrangler CLI](/workers/cli-wrangler//).
```

2. Dragging and dropping.

{{<Aside type= "note">}}
  
Within a project, you can switch between creating deployments with either method. However, you cannot push additional changes through your standard git integration within the same project if that repository is already using Direct Uploads.

{{</Aside>}}

## Supported file types

Below is the supported file types for each Direct Upload options:
* Wrangler: A single folder of assets(for example, HTML, CSS, JS, PNG, SVG).
* Drag and drop: Zip or folder of assets(for example, HTML, CSS, JS, PNG, SVG).

## Wrangler CLI 

### Set up Wrangler

> To begin, [install the latest version](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler/install-update/) of Wrangler and [set up Wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler/authentication/). Note that Pages integration with Wrangler relies on Wrangler 2.

Author: ```suggestion
To begin, [install the latest version](/workers/cli-wrangler/install-update/) of Wrangler and [set up Wrangler](/workers/cli-wrangler/authentication/). Note that Pages integration with Wrangler relies on Wrangler 2.
```

---
pcx-content-type: concept
title: Direct Uploads
---

# Direct Uploads

With Direct Uploads, you can bring your pre-built assets right to Pages. By using your own continuous integration (CI) tooling to handle the build, deploy your website's assets right to the Cloudflare edge network.

## Methods to uploading

Once you have your pre-built assets ready, there are two ways to begin uploading: 

> 1. Using [Wrangler CLI](/workers/wrangler/).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Using [Wrangler CLI](/workers/wrangler/get-started/).
```

> 1. Using [Wrangler CLI](/workers/wrangler/get-started/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using [Wrangler CLI](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/).
```

#### Create a new deployment

After you have your project created, select **Create a new deployment** to begin a new version of your site. Next, choose whether your new deployment will be made to your production or preview environment. If choosing preview, you can create a new deployment target or enter an existing one. Deployment targets allow you to access all changes at one preview subdomain with the following convention `<DEPLOYMENT_TARGET>.<PROJECT_NAME>.pages.dev`. 

## Troubleshoot

When uploading your assets, if an asset exceeds the standard Pages [limits](/pages/platform/limits/#files) of 25 MiB or if the total number of assets exceeds 20,000 files, you will not be able to deploy your project. 

If using Wrangler, you will see a `Error: Pages only supports files up to 25 MiB in size. <FILE> is <SIZE> in size` error for asset size exceedance and **"Error: Pages only supports up to 20,000 files in a deployment at the moment. Try a smaller project”** for asset number exceedance. 

> If using the drag and drop method, a red warning symbol will appear next to an asset if the asset is too large and thus unsuccessfully uploaded. In this case, you may choose to delete that asset but you cannot replace it. To do so, you must reupload the entire project. If you exceed the file number limit, you will receive a `{write error message here}` error. 

Reviewer: this needs an error message

Author: Updates

---
pcx-content-type: concept
title: Direct Uploads
---

# Direct Uploads

With Direct Uploads, you can bring your pre-built assets right to Pages. By using your own continuous integration (CI) tooling to handle the build, deploy your website's assets right to the Cloudflare edge network.

## Methods to uploading

Once you have your pre-built assets ready, there are two ways to begin uploading: 

> 1. Using [Wrangler CLI](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Using [Wrangler CLI](/workers/wrangler/).
```

2. Dragging and dropping.

{{<Aside type= "note">}}
  
Within a project, you can switch between creating deployments with either method. However, at this time, you cannot additionally push changes through your standard git-integration within the same project._

{{</Aside>}}

> ## Supported file types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported file types
```

Below is the supported file types for each Direct Upload options:
* Wrangler: A single folder of assets(for example, HTML, CSS, JS, PNG, SVG).
* Drag and drop: Zip or folder of assets(for example, HTML, CSS, JS, PNG, SVG).

## Wrangler CLI 

> ### Set up Wrangler: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up Wrangler
```

To begin, [install the latest version](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler/install-update/) of Wrangler and [set up Wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler/authentication/). Note that Pages integration with Wrangler relies on Wrangler 2.

#### Deploy your project with Wrangler

Run the following Wrangler command to create a project: 

```sh
wrangler pages publish <project directory>
```

> After running `wrangler pages publish`, you will be prompted to choose whether you would like to publish assets for an existing project or if you would like to create a new one. To begin a new project, indicate so with the options provided, continue to name your project, and deploy. Subsequent deployments will re-use these values (saved in your `node_modules/.cache/wrangler` folder).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running `wrangler pages publish`, you will be prompted to choose whether you would like to publish assets for an existing project or if you would like to create a new one. To begin a new project, select create a new project, continue to name your project, and deploy. Subsequent deployments will reuse these values (saved in your `node_modules/.cache/wrangler` folder).
```
Style guide thing but reuse and re-use are both correct, in the docs, we opt for no dash so `reuse`.

Reviewer: What do you need to select to create a new project?

After you deploy your Project, go to your newly created Pages project in the Cloudflare dashboard to access deployment details, including its shareable and unique preview URL. 

#### Create a new deployment

After you have deployed your project, you can continue to add new deployments to that project. Deployments will be available at the following convention: `<DEPLOYMENT>.<PROJECT_NAME>.pages.dev`. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```sh

> wrangler pages publish <directory> --branch=[branch]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wrangler pages publish <DIRECTORY> --branch=[BRANCH]
```

Reviewer: Is [branch] an input value? If so, all caps.

```

{{<Aside type= "note">}}

If you are in a git workspace, Wrangler will automatically pull the branch information for you. Otherwise, you will be prompted to choose your branch (which will then determine if the deployment is production or preview).

{{</Aside>}}

#### Other useful commands

If you would like to use Wrangler to obtain a list of all available projects for direct upload, use:

```sh
wrangler pages project list
```

Additionally, if you would like to use Wrangler to obtain a list of all unique preview URLs for a particular project, use:

```sh
wrangler pages deployment list
```

For step-by-step directions on how to use Wrangler and continuous integration tools like GitHub Actions, Circle CI and Travis CI together for continuous deployment, refer to [Pages How to](/pages/how-to/)

## Drag and drop

#### Deploy your project with drag and drop

> To begin the deployment process, on the **Create a Project** page, select **Upload Assets** and enter your project name in the provided field. Your project will be served from `<project name>.pages.dev`. Next drag and drop your build output directory into the uploading frame. Once your files have been successfully uploaded, click **Save and Deploy** and continue to your newly deployed project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin the deployment process, on the **Create a Project** page, select **Upload Assets** and enter your project name in the provided field. Your project will be served from `<PROJECT_NAME>.pages.dev`. Next drag and drop your build output directory into the uploading frame. Once your files have been successfully uploaded, select **Save and Deploy** and continue to your newly deployed project. 
```
